STUDENT COUNCIL OFFICE
[Tokugawa] Now, while we're
on the subject… [sighs]
…I'd like to recommend
we assess the condition
of the older desks and chairs.
That should give us some idea
-if it's worth replacing them.
-[gasps]
-Huh? What is it, Kageyama?
-You not feeling well or something?
[heart throbbing]
[ominous music playing]
[Ritsu gasps, grunts]
-Sorry, President.
-[gasps]
-I'm gonna have to leave early today!
-Uh? [gasps]
Hey, Kageyama!
[Ritsu] What's wrong, bro?
Is it the shock of getting rejected?
[Tsubomi] I'm sorry,
but I have feelings for someone else.
[Ritsu grunts] Just hold on, Shige!
I'm on my way!
[pants, grunts]
[pants]
[gasps]
That's Shige's.
[grunts, gasps]
No way. Was he in an accident?
[music concludes]
["1" playing]
[song concludes]
MOB 3
TRAUMA
[sinister music playing]
[grunts] Look at the shop!
[wails] We let you down, Manager!
Damn it.
Guess our power's not enough to stop him.
[both gasp]
-What's that?
-An explosion behind us?
-What in the hell? It's you.
-Hey. What are you doing out here?
-Boss?
-[Koyama] Boss?
-[music concludes]
-Look at that.
Seems you two have turned over a new leaf.
I suggest you stand back
and let me take it from here.
[both grunt]
I've come to repay my debt.
Sorry, but this is probably gonna hurt.
[dramatic music playing]
[grunts]
[gasps]
-[Koyama grunts, exclaims]
-[Sakurai grunts, exclaims]
[Suzuki] I thought you might be
in a bad mood.
But it looks like you're doing
pretty well.
Or maybe it's more
like you've finally been set free.
Perhaps you've simply given up
on holding back.
Which is not necessarily a bad thing,
to a point.
But I can't tell if you're even yourself.
[groans, grunts]
[gasps]
No way! How can there be
this much of a difference?
-[music concludes]
-[Sho] Jeez, that was close.
Don't let yourself
get knocked around like that, old man!
You could end up dead!
What's this?
Why did you come down here, Sho?
[Sho] My worthless old man's trying
to do some good, so I'm helping him out.
After all, that's a son's job, right?
[grunts] Hold on. Isn't that…?
Shigeo Kageyama.
He's lost control of his powers
and something dark inside of him
has taken over.
So, that's it, huh?
Not sure how I feel about going up
against Ritsu's brother.
I understand what you mean,
but this is not a situation
where we can afford to be gentle.
[Sho] Somehow, I don't see that
being a problem for you.
[exclaims, grunts] Direct hit!
[grunts] Hey, Dad, talk to me!
Are you okay or what?!
Don't worry.
[grunts, gasps]
[menacing music playing]
The gap between us was too massive.
I had to borrow some of his power
to even things out a little bit.
[grunts] What, you got hit on purpose?
This fight's just beginning.
You gonna help me or not, Sho?
Well, you got a plan?
[Suzuki] Presuming he keeps unleashing
energy at the same intensity,
he's bound to run
out of stamina eventually.
Our best move here
is to buy time until that happens.
So, we're stalling till he runs outta gas.
Understood.
[Ritsu] Shige. Since that day,
he and I don't really speak our minds
with each other anymore.
His sense of responsibility
sparked a change in him.
He used to be so open with his emotions.
He'd get angry, or laugh,
if that's how he was feeling.
But everything changed
when he started holding back his powers.
Making that choice
to lock part of himself away
is what created this side of him.
It's a part of who he is deep down.
It can't be separated from him.
And that means we have to figure out
a way to live with it!
[grunts, pants]
[gasps] Teru!
[music concludes]
-All right, follow my lead.
-Yeah, I know!
[thrilling music playing]
[Suzuki grunts]
[pants, grunts]
[grunts]
Here we go!
-Charge Bomb!
-Whoa, seriously?
-So, that's his play.
[Sho] This is wild.
He just took everything we had
and absorbed it!
[grunts] Damn!
[gasps]
[Suzuki groans]
You mind telling me
what you think you're doing?
-[groans]
-[gasps] Hey!
We can't even draw this out.
This is worse than I thought.
[Sho] There's nothing more
we can do here. Let's run!
[Suzuki] I can't.
I'm not getting anywhere
in the shape I'm in.
[grunts]
-[gasps]
-[music concludes]
[both gasp]
[eerie music playing]
[Mob groans]
[Sho] What's happening now?
Something's wrong.
[groans]
[Sho] It's like… he's struggling.
Trying to overcome something.
Is that it?
[groans]
[Sho] Are we watching
Ritsu's bro fight back
against his out-of-control powers?
-[music concludes]
-You're strong, kid. No doubt.
[dramatic music playing]
[Suzuki]
This is the best chance we'll get.
Sho, get out of here.
[gasps] What about you?
[Suzuki] There's only one way
I can think of that might stop him.
I'm going to become a vessel
and absorb all of his energy.
I'll do for him what he did for me.
You'll what? That's crazy!
It's gonna destroy you.
[Suzuki] So be it.
If I have to sacrifice myself--
-What the hell do you think you're saying?
-I'm prepared to do this.
[gasps]
-[Sho] Dad.
-[music concludes]
[wind howling]
[grunts, breathes shakily]
[Suzuki gasps]
[eerie music playing]
[music concludes]
[Suzuki] I'm sorry.
When it comes down to it,
I guess I'm simply not as strong
as you are.
-Sho…
-Huh?
…will you lend me your shoulder?
Let's go.
[pensive music playing]
[Joseph] Suzuki couldn't even handle him?
This really is serious.
-Let's move in then.
-Right. Dropping the guide drones.
[Suzuki] Psychic powers are scary.
We'd be a lot better off without them.
I guess he'd already figured that out.
Yeah. I've made up my mind.
And I'm not
gonna be using them ever again.
All that really matters is being able
to just live your life normally.
Well, it won't be easy.
Though he's been doing it all along.
So, what do you think, Dad?
What's gonna happen to that guy now?
I'd say he's… unstoppable.
[Ritsu] You've gone too far…
-[music concludes]
-…dear brother.
Hey, Kageyama!
Thank goodness.
We weren't sure you'd still be here.
[Sagawa] We came to help you!
[Kumakawa] Let's take shelter
at the gym together!
Mm. That is him, isn't it?
Say somethin', will ya?!
[club members grunt]
[dramatic music playing]
I don't think that was the wind just now.
So, what's going on?
If you ask me,
the only possible explanation
is that Kageyama's in some kind
of sleepwalking state.
Yeah, that makes sense.
And if that's the case…
[club members grunt]
It's up to us as his fellow club members
to snap him out of it.
Let's go!
[club members] Fight on!
[groaning]
[grunts] He swatted them away
like they were flies.
[grunts] Have you always been
so crazy strong
without any of us ever realizing it?
But, you know,
the truth is, we already looked up to you
the way you were before.
So how about it, Kageyama?
Do you think you could
consider going back to normal?
[gasps] Stop it!
[Sagawa groans]
[music concludes]
[Ritsu] Careful, now.
[groans]
[Ritsu] So, you really have returned
to that state.
It's been a while.
'Sup, bro?
I've been afraid of this for a long time.
The thought lingered
in the back of my mind.
"Would you take this form again?"
"When would it happen?"
It scared me.
-But not anymore. I figured it out.
-[somber music playing]
[Ritsu] This isn't some separate being.
It's a part of the same person
I've always known.
Nothing to be scared of.
Not some monster I need
to run away and hide from.
No, you're just…
my big brother.
[Mob] You're wrong, Ritsu!
That's not how it is at all!
That thing isn't me!
Ritsu! Stop it!
Please! Don't come any closer!
[Ritsu] Shige.
There's no need for you to suffer alone.
[Young Ritsu] Is something wrong?
You can talk to me if you want.
[chuckles softly]
Thanks, but don't worry! I'm fine.
[Ritsu] Back then,
all I wanted was to talk things out.
But thinking about it now, I guess…
holding back your powers
was a pretty difficult thing,
and you didn't feel like
you should get me involved.
[Mob] I don't wanna hurt him,
but at this rate, he'll be…
Listen to me, Shige.
I don't want anything
to change who you are.
Please, let me share your burden!
I'm here for you!
[Mob] It's no use! I can't hold him back!
[tense music playing]
[Ritsu groans] I can't move!
My powers are obviously
way outmatched here!
[groans] Is this it then?
Is there nothing I can do for Shige?
[Mob] Please. Enough already.
You're my powers, right?
So listen to me! Stop this at once!
[footsteps rumbling]
[Mob whimpers]
It's still going. Ritsu's in danger.
[Ritsu] If this continues,
If he ends up hurting Takane too,
that's gonna be more than he can bear.
It's up to me.
[gasps]
-[music concludes]
-[Ritsu] Yes, of course.
If I give him a shock,
it's bound to have some effect.
Sorry, brother.
[percentage counter beeping rapidly]
[Ritsu] No!
Trauma's held him down long enough!
-[percentage counter stops]
-[Ritsu] Tell you what, Shige.
Here's what I can do for you.
[gasps]
-[upbeat music playing]
-[Ritsu] I'll be what I have always been!
The little brother you can talk with
no matter what!
The little brother you know
you can always speak your mind to!
[percentage counter ringing]
[grunts]
I think I finally figured it out.
The reason I wanted powers so badly
was for this very moment!
You'll be okay now, bro. It's fine.
[grunts]
[screams]
[groans]
No, stop! Don't do it!
[Ritsu grunts]
[music concludes]
-If you're just joining us…
-[tense music playing]
…a giant tornado
has now appeared inside of Seasoning City.
Its movement continues to be slow,
punctuated by sporadic surges.
Why do these events keep happening,
and perhaps more importantly,
why are they confined
to the same geographic area?
There are several competing theories.
Experts suggest it may be the result
of some kind of
top-secret science experiment.
However, others are pinning all the blame
on psychic powers run amok.
During an emergency press conference
held recently,
the government stated quite emphatically
that none of its agencies
have any involvement…
[whistle blows]
Sorry, there's no entry beyond this point!
You're gonna have to turn around!
Huh? Hold on! Get back here!
[Ritsu] Well, I did what I could.
I hope it was enough.
-Come back to us, okay, bro?
-[music concludes]
[Mob] Found you.
What are you, exactly?
And why have you been doing
these terrible things?
[apparition]
I'm me, that's all. Shigeo Kageyama.
Now then, what about you?
Huh? Who am I? Shigeo Kageyama.
[apparition]
Ah, you're "Mob." The fake me.
[Mob] You're the fake one here.
It's time for you to go away
and leave me alone.
I don't need these powers anymore.
[apparition]
If you don't like it, then you leave.
I'm gonna do what I want.
I'm gonna stop you.
[apparition]
There is no one who can stop me.
[wind howling]
Are you starting
to feel kinda sluggish too,
or is it just me?
If we go any farther than this,
we may well end up in danger.
[Reigen] But Mob's in the center
of that tornado, isn't he?
[Serizawa] Probably.
But even if we do make it through,
we might not be able to return.
-I gotta get in there, and I can't do it…
-Uh.
…without your help, so, please.
-[grunts]
-[tense music playing]
You got it.
I'll do everything in my power.
All right, let's go!
[Mob] Why are you doing this?
[apparition] Do you remember
being hit by a car earlier?
[gasps]
[apparition]
My body could no longer move on its own.
I had to move it
through sheer force of will.
What are you talking about?
This has nothing to do with my will.
[apparition]
You have an overwhelmingly strong desire
to see Tsubomi.
The strength of that desire
is what motivates me.
That may be true.
But you still shouldn't be hurting
other people to make it happen!
Because that's not right. It isn't normal!
[apparition] "Normal," you say?
Are you going to keep trying
to invalidate me, even now?
[gasps]
[apparition] Why don't you
simply break apart and disappear?
Then I won't have to hold back anymore.
Like I said, I'm gonna do what I want.
[tense music builds]
[apparition]
The next time you open your eyes,
"You" will be me.
-Farewell, Mob.
-[music concludes]
["Cobalt" playing]
[song concludes]
[dramatic music playing]
[Reigen] Hey, Mob.
Wait a second. Listen up!
You ready?
There's something you need to know!
Next time on Mob Psycho 100 III,
Episode 12, "Confession, The Future."